Feat: Default function opacity setting + autoreveal option (#4342)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Statements.md

### 8.20.3. Revealing function bodies

By default, function bodies are transparent and available for constructing proofs of assertions that use those functions. 

> This can be changed using the `--defaul-function-opacity` commandline flag, or by using the [`:{opaque}`](#sec-opaque) attribute and treat it as an uninterpreted function, whose properties are

Author: Done.

> This can be changed using the `--defaul-function-opacity` commandline flag, or by using the [`:{opaque}`](#sec-opaque) attribute and treat it as an uninterpreted function, whose properties are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be changed using the `--default-function-opacity` command line flag, or by using the [`:{opaque}`](#sec-opaque) attribute and treat it as an uninterpreted function, whose properties are
```

Also, should this reference the `opaque` keyword instead of the attribute now?

Author: Yes. I have moved the opaque attribute to the section of deprecated attributes, and changed the link to `#sec-opaque` to point to the section which discusses function transparency.
